force_calibration: coupling model for active calibration (#585)
lumicks/pylake: docs/tutorial/force_calibration.rst

Failing to take this into account results in a bias.
Pylake offers a function to calculate a correction factor to account for the lower velocity around the bead.
Appropriate coupling correction factors for oscillation in x can be calculated as follows::

    factor = lk.coupling_correction_2d(dx=5.0, dy=0, bead_diameter=bead_diameter, is_y_oscillation=False)

Here `dx` and `dy` represent the horizontal and vertical distance between the beads, while the parameter `bead_diameter` refers to the bead diameter.
Note that all three parameters have to be specified in the same spatial unit (meters or micron).
The final parameter `is_y_oscillation` indicates whether the stage was oscillated in the y-direction.

The obtained correction factor can be used to correct the calibration factors::

    Rd_corrected = factor * calibration["Rd"].value
    Rf_corrected = calibration["Rf"].value / factor
    stiffness_corrected = calibration["kappa"].value / factor**2

To correct a force trace, simply divide it by the correction factor::

    corrected_force1x = f.force1x / factor

.. note::

>     This coupling model is only valid far away from the surface.

Reviewer: @JoepVanlier 50 um up or only in the middle?

Author: I don't expect there to be a sharp cutoff point. My guess it will probably depend on the ratio of bead radius to distance like Faxen's law does.

My guess is that there is some regime where you might get away with using Faxen's law and this model together, but I don't know how far you have to be for this to be a reasonable model.

Maybe we should rephrase it as, `This coupling model neglects effects from the surface.` to basically state what it does. Right now we don't have enough information to give more user guidance than that.

Author: I have rephrased it as: `This coupling model neglects effects from the surface. It is intended for measurements performed at the center of the flowcell.`

If I have some time, I will look at this a bit more with FEM.

Author: I compared it a bit with some FEM simulations near the surface. While it certainly isn't perfect, it seems that a superposition of Faxen and this model is still a lot better than doing nothing. That said, to stay on the safe side for now, I would only recommend it for bulk, and recommend people not to use it yet near the surface. I am not sure how many people would be doing two-bead assays close to the surface, so I'm not sure whether there is a use-case for it.

![image](https://github.com/lumicks/pylake/assets/19836026/017ae199-51fa-4883-bf64-2213e8cced6b)

Author: Sorry, I had somehow missed this comment. Yeah. For `Re << 1`, Navier Stokes reduces to just the Stokes equations and they are linear w.r.t. pressure and velocity. So yes, I would indeed expect this. But I feel the same way. We have not validated coupling behavior near the surface and I do not feel comfortable exposing that at this time.

Reviewer 2: That's all right, I had forgotten about it myself 😆 
Goes on the TO DO list then :)

Appropriate correction factors for oscillation in x can be calculated as follows::

    factor = lk.coupling_correction_2d(dx=5.0, dy=0, bead_diameter=bead_diameter, is_y_oscillation=False)

Here `dx` and `dy` represent the horizontal and vertical distance between the beads.
Note that these refer to *center to center distances* (unlike the distance channel in Bluelake, which represents the bead surface to surface distance).
Note that all three parameters have to be specified in the same spatial unit (meters or micron).
The final parameter `is_y_oscillation` indicates whether the stage was oscillated in the y-direction.

The obtained correction factor can be used to correct the calibration factors::

    Rd_corrected = factor * calibration["Rd"].value
    Rf_corrected = calibration["Rf"].value / factor
    stiffness_corrected = calibration["kappa"].value / factor**2

To correct a force trace, simply divide it by the correction factor::

    corrected_force1x = f.force1x / factor

.. note::

    This coupling model neglects effects from the surface. It is intended for measurements performed at the center of the flowcell.

.. note::

>     The model implemented here only supports beads that are aligned in the same plane.
>     It does not take a mismatch in the `z`-position of the beads into account.
>     In reality, the height above the surface depends on the bead radius and may be different for the two beads.
>     At short bead-to-bead distances, such a mismatch would make the coupling less pronounced than the model predicts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The model implemented here only supports beads that are aligned in the same plane.
    It does not take a mismatch in the `z`-position of the beads into account.
    In reality, the position in the focus depends on the bead radius and may be different for the two beads if they slightly differ in size [ref].
    At short bead-to-bead distances, such a mismatch would make the coupling less pronounced than the model predicts.
```
With [ref]: https://doi.org/10.1364/JOSAB.35.002654 (Fig. 3).

Author: Wonderful! Thanks. I don't think `sphinx-bibtex` supports citing figures directly in the same way latex does, but hopefully just citing it as `[...] (Fig. 3)` works well enough.

Reviewer 2: I think it will :)
